
Highlights


Tour Name Duration Availability Activity
Camping and Relaxing Tour 7 Days Tour
October, November, December, January, February, March, April, May.
Camping,   bird   watching,   swimming,   snorkeling,   scuba   diving (optional),  hiking& 
trekking, climbing  sand dunes, fishing, boat  trip, watching dolphins,  caving, photographing, 
watching sunrise & sunset.


Itinerary

Day 1: Arrive to Socotra - Hadiboh -  Delisha Sandy Beach

Upon  your  arrival  at  Socotra  airport,  you  will  be  transferred  to  the  hotel  in  Hadibo  
to acclimatize and have lunch. In the afternoon we will drive to Delisha beach which consists of 
pristine white sands. You will relax while swimming both in the sea and in a freshwater lagoon. If 
you are full of energy you can climb a huge sand dune overseeing the beach. There is also a 
possibility of watching a fabulous sunset from Delisha.
Dinner and overnight at a  Summerland hotel 

Day 2:  Homhil N.P.A  - Arher Beach
After breakfast, we will drive about one hour and half to the natural protected area of Homhil;
which is home to an endless number of the Socotri endemic plants such as Dragon's Blood Tree, 
Frankincense Tree and Desert Rose etc. Once in Homhill, we will walk along a selection of trails, 
on one of which takes us to a viewpoint where there is a natural swimming pool and a view of 
villages below on the plain and of the Arabian Sea.
After swimming in the infinitive pool we will hike down from Homhil Plateau to the north-east coast 
of the island to Wadi Shifa (medium —two hours walking) where the cars can meet us. Then after a 
quick lunch, we will drive to   Arher beach. Here a fresh creek comes out and meets the salty ocean 
water. We will have time to relax, swim or climb some of the massive sand dunes as we set up camp 
and prepare dinner.
Dinner and Overnight will be in Arher Beach

Day 3: Hoq Cave - Ras Erisel

After an early breakfast, we will drive to Terbak  village where Hoq Cave is located. Then we will hike up for one hour and a half till we reach the entrance of the cave, then about 1 hour in the side the cave. After exploring the cave, we will walk down for one hour and a half. Hoq is the largest cave in the island and it is 3.2 km deep, the cave holds a wealth of Socotri history and hides archeological findings such as pieces of pottery, paintings and wooden tables with 
inscription  in  Aramaic  language  dating  back  to  258  AD.  The  cave  offers  an  overwhelming 
beauty and variety of crystal decorations, like stalagmites, stalactites and calcite floors.
In the afternoon we will drive to Ras Erisel which is situated at the eastern end of the island 
where  Arabian  Sea  and Indian  Ocean  is  meeting  and many  ships  have  been  sinking  there. 
Erisel village conceder one of the mean fishing villages on Socotra. You can swim and enjoy on the 
long Sandy beach which is also full of crap nestes.
Dinner and Overnight will be in Arher Beach

Day 4: Dihammri M.P.A - Wadi Klesihan

After breakfast, we will drive about one hour and 30 minutes to Wadi Klesihan. This Wadi has the 
largest  and beautiful  summing pools  on the island.  To reach to the beautiful  Wadi you need 
also to walk about 25 minutes dawn and back 30 minutes.

After that we will make our way driving to Dihamri Marine protected area. Here you can swim, 
snorkel  and  dive  in  the  Marine  Protected  Area  of  Dihammri,  which  is  home  to  dozens  
of species  of  colorful  marine  life  and  it  is  one  of  the  richest  coral  reefs  on  the  
archipelago. Diving/snorkeling gear can be hired from Dihammri Diving Center.

Lunch, dinner and overnight will be in Dihammri eco-campsite

Day 5: Dixam Plateau - Shebahon Viewpoint - Wadi Dirhur Canyon- Fermhen dragon blood trees forest.
After breakfast, we will make our way to Dixam plateau (approx. 700 m above sea level) and Shebahon 
viewpoint.  This area is a home to an endless number of the Socotri endemic plants such  as  
Dragon's  Blood  Tree  and  other  trees  as  well.  The  Shebahon  viewpoint  gives  a marvelous  
vista  overlooking  Daerhu  canyon  where  we  will  see  breathtaking   sceneries  and unusual  
yet  beautiful  rock  formations.  We  will  then  make  our  way  down  to  the  Wadi  in the 
canyon  for lunch and an easy-going  walk to swim in the freshwater  pools. After lunch  in the 
Wadi   we will do an amazing  hiking  to the forest of the dragon blood trees  in Fermhen area. 
After one hour or little bit more in the forest we will make our way back driving to Dicxam.

Dinner and overnight will be in  Dicxam campsite.

Day 6: Noged - Qalansiya ditwah lagoon P.A.:

After   an early breakfast, we will drive to the south to Noged  area .we  will head directly to 
Digub  cave,  which  overlooks  a  scattering  of  traditional  villages  below. The cave  itself  
is of interest  as  there  are  many  stalactites,  stalagmites  and  pools  of  water  that  have  
seeped through the rock over time.
After the cave, we will drive to Hayf  and Zahek  village to witness  the massive  sand dunes which 
have been pushed up against the mountainside by the seasonal winds of Socotra. Then we will make 
our way to beach of Omak in the Indian Ocean.
After a quick swim in the crystal clear water of the Indian Ocean we will drive to the north- west 
coast  of the Island to Qalansiya  driving about  2 huars  in time to explore the Detwah lagoon 
which is a marine protected area renowned for its magical landscape. This area has some of the best 
views in the island where you can swim, sunbathe and relax in the shallow sea there.
Lunch, dinner and overnight camping will be in Detwah eco-campsite Day 7: Golden Sand of Shuaab - 
Hadiboh:
After   a very early breakfast, we will have a quick drive to Qalansiya  beach. . From there we
will hop on a boat and head to Shuaab. We are very likely to see Spinner Dolphins  and other sea 
life during this boat ride. Once in Shuaab, feel free to swim, relax and enjoy this pristine place 
as well as have a look at a mangrove area.

After exploring the surrounding  mangroves  in the areas  we will head back to Qalansiya  for lunch 
and drive back to Hadiboh to have the COVID 19 test and to Hotel.

Dinner and overnight at Summerland hotel in Hadibo

Day 8: Departure from Socotra Island

After breakfast, we will be transferred back to the airport for flying back home.

This Tour includes:

Visa Cost

•            Entry fees in the protected areas; Dihammri, Rosh, Homhil, Omak, Detwah Lagoon, Shuaab 
& Skand.
•            Accommodation   Fees:  hotels,  tourist  resorts,  eco-lodges,  camping  in protected 
areas.
•            Camping equipment (like tent, pillow, mattress, sheets, mat,  lights  ... etc)

•            Cooking equipment and cook as well.

•            Transportation  :  4x4  private  cars  Toyota  Land  cruiser  (One  car  fit  4 
persons )
•            Tour guide:(English, Arabic and Socotri speaking)

•            Full board meals: (3 meals per day including dessert and snacks ).

•             Mineral water and soft drinks

•            Local guides at specific / remote places

•            Boat trip to Shuaab to watch dolphin.



This Tour Excludes
•     Travel Insurance

•      Flights Cost

•     Tips
